# smartenergyuse-indoorlocationing
Increasingly, technology companies are applying data analytics techniques to the masses of data generated by devices such as smart phones, appliances, vehicles, electric meters, et cetera – the “Internet of Things”. The ability to deal with data of these types will prove to be a high-demand skill for data analysts as applications of

An Internet of Things technology start-up that wants to use Data Analytics to solve two difficult problems in the physical world:

Smart energy usage: Modeling patterns of energy usage by time of day and day of the year in a typical residence whose electrical system is monitored by multiple sub-meters.
Indoor locationing: Determining a person’s physical position in a multi-building indoor space using wifi fingerprinting
Use the R statistical programming language to perform visualizations, then to generate descriptive statistics and predictive models using time series regression techniques and statistical classifiers. Finally, present the results to the start-up’s management, explaining strengths and weaknesses of the approaches that were implemented and making suggestions for further improvement.

They have provided me with a very large data set that contains 47 months of energy usage data from these devices so we can analyze the data to see if we can obtain enough insight from this data to provide economic incentive recommendations to homeowners. The company and its customers need to understand if the benefit of installing sub-metering devices is likely to be sufficient to justify its cost.

The dataset is hosted on the UCI Machine Learning Repository in the Center for Machine Learning and Intelligent Systems.
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Individual+household+electric+power+consumption

The dataset information:
This archive contains 2075259 measurements gathered in a house located in Sceaux (7km of Paris, France) between December 2006 and November 2010 (47 months). 
Notes: 
1.(global_active_power*1000/60 - sub_metering_1 - sub_metering_2 - sub_metering_3) represents the active energy consumed every minute (in watt hour) in the household by electrical equipment not measured in sub-meterings 1, 2 and 3. 
2.The dataset contains some missing values in the measurements (nearly 1,25% of the rows). All calendar timestamps are present in the dataset but for some timestamps, the measurement values are missing: a missing value is represented by the absence of value between two consecutive semi-colon attribute separators. For instance, the dataset shows missing values on April 28, 2007.

